Added NGINX Unit to the Servers list (#50)
florimondmanca/awesome-asgi: README.md

- [Daphne](http://github.com/django/daphne) - An HTTP, HTTP2 and WebSocket protocol server for ASGI, developed to power Django Channels.
- [Hypercorn](https://pgjones.gitlab.io/hypercorn/index.html) - An ASGI server based on the sans-io hyper, h11, h2, and wsproto libraries. Supports HTTP/1, HTTP/2, WebSockets, ASGI 2.0 and ASGI 3.0. Compatible with asyncio, uvloop and trio worker types.

> - [NGINX Unit](https://unit.nginx.org) - A polyglot app server that supports ASGI 3.0 for Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [NGINX Unit](https://unit.nginx.org) - A universal web app server that supports ASGI.
```
